# crypto_portfolio_optimization

## Abstract
### In the latter half of 2020 and the beginning of 2021, the interest and demand for cryptocurrency skyrocketed to new records [1]. But with a plethora of cryptocurrency options, most with high levels of volatility, it is difficult to determine how to construct a viable cryptocurrency portfolio. I approached this problem comprehensively, offering a comparison of a variety of techniques including both repeated random sampling and numerical optimization techniques. Included in this analysis are 13 of the most prominent cryptocurrencies: Bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash, Litecoin, Ethereum, Tron, Binance Coin, Ripple, Cardano, Stellar, Monero, Chainlink, Dogecoin, and Polkadot.
### INTRODUCTION
### Since its inception in 2009 the cryptocurrency asset class has drawn many critics, opponents, and confounded expectations. The underlying technology, blockchain, has been praised for its transparency, potential as a store of value, and a hedge against inflation and unstable governments [2]. Critics argue that cryptocurrencies’ semi-anonymous nature benefit criminal activities, pointing to online black-markets such as the infamous Silk Road [2].
In the early days of cryptocurrency, making an investment presented a number of challenges. First, cryptocurrency could not be purchased or stored using any of the common financial firms where one would normally buy assets. Purchasing cryptocurrency required an investor to use little-known online exchanges or untrustworthy in-person ATMs [2]. Second, an investor needed to have the technical knowledge to manage a digital ‘wallet’. Lastly, investors needed to have the stomach for their new investment’s high level of volatility.
